At the tender age, I have a troubled mind, as to how I will be pleasing to God and also
at the same time be pleasing in the eyes of the voodoo.
Two of my siblings died before I was born.
So my mother was seeking protection, all through her pregnancy, with me, my mother was
made to believe that when she goes to the voodoo shrine regularly, she will be protected
from the witches.
This means she has to walk about four miles to the shrine regularly barefooted.
After my bed, I was sent to the voodoo shrine to be protected from the attack of the witches.
I was kept there.
I got baptized into the cardiac church, there we were taught that those who worshipped
idols, the voodoos, will be bent in an everlasting hellfire.
I was terrified.
One day I asked my father, wouldn't the priest be angry if he knows that we, after going
for the communion, still go into the shrine?
My father came back with the news that the priest said, I can still go ahead being an idol
worshiper and at the same time being a Catholic.
I became disturbed, I became confused, I came across Jehovah's Witnesses, when I was
of age and left the village.
I bombarded them with questions, so I demanded a book.
I read the book before they break, so that night, in my heart, I broke away from the voodoo
ship and also from the Catholic religion.
I was afraid to confront my father over the issue.
In our culture, it's not easy for a young man to take such a crucial decision.
Before I could be aware, there was the news in the village, but now, don't go has joined
the new religion, so anytime I go home, relatives will knock on my door, I don't, to advise
me to retain my decision.
My worry was how to inform my father, and one day, my father invited me and then inquired
of me of what was really happening, and it became a very strong confrontation.
I told him, I'll worship Jehovah, Jehovah is the only God I'll worship.
So he fled up, left me and then went into this room, so I also entered my room and started
singing.
Once with confusion, our side has waived, drinking the Catholic religion distilled.
I was singing so vigorously, I see somebody who has been liberated, because I first, initially,
I was in prison, but now I am a freed man.
So since then, I've been saving Jehovah, the fear of man has been overcome.
I am no longer a captive of the fear of death, or even the dead.
I no longer engage myself in any practices that are contrary to Bible standards.
I feel liberated.
It makes me happy when I see my children also saving their only true God, Jehovah, and now
I live a very happy family life.